README.md, before:

# CodersPack
This repository contains task submissions for C, C++, Java, Python.

TASKS-JAVA:

The files of tasks are located in the java folder and ordered in the following manner.

  1. Printing Area and Perimeter of a circle.
  2. Addition of two binary numbers
  3. Computing sum of the digits of an integer.
  4. Inches to Metres conversion.
  5. Converting minutes into number of years and days.
  6. Checking whether the given integer is negative, zero or positive.
  7. Addition of two matrices.
  8. Counting all vowels in a string.
  9. Finding smallest among three numbers.
  10. Displaying the cubes of the integers upto a given integer.
  
TASKS-PYTHON:

The files of tasks are located in the Python folder and ordered in the following manner.
  1. Printing the area of the circle.
  2. Printing the extension of the given filename.
  3. Printing the length of the longest word in a list.
  4. Printing a given string in upper and lower cases.
  5. Converting month name into number of days in that month.
  6. Checking whether the triangle is equilateral, isosceles or scalene.
  7. Finding median of three values.
  8. Multiplying all numbers in a list.
  9. Counting number of even and odd numbers from a series of numbers.
  10. Constructing a class named rectangle with length and width and defining a method to return its area.

Commit message:

Added an additional method to perform Task 3.

README.md, after:

# CodersPack
This repository contains task submissions for C, C++, Java, Python.

TASKS-JAVA:

The files of tasks are located in the java folder and ordered in the following manner.

  1. Printing Area and Perimeter of a circle.
  2. Addition of two binary numbers
  3. Computing sum of the digits of an integer.
     Note: This also includes finding the sum of digits in a way that I found out annd I like to call this way the non-Roman way of                  calculating. The Romans never had a zero in their numbers. Don't worry! I have taken care of that in my method.
  4. Inches to Metres conversion.
  5. Converting minutes into number of years and days.
  6. Checking whether the given integer is negative, zero or positive.
  7. Addition of two matrices.
  8. Counting all vowels in a string.
  9. Finding smallest among three numbers.
  10. Displaying the cubes of the integers upto a given integer.
  
TASKS-PYTHON:

The files of tasks are located in the Python folder and ordered in the following manner.
  1. Printing the area of the circle.
  2. Printing the extension of the given filename.
  3. Printing the length of the longest word in a list.
  4. Printing a given string in upper and lower cases.
  5. Converting month name into number of days in that month.
  6. Checking whether the triangle is equilateral, isosceles or scalene.
  7. Finding median of three values.
  8. Multiplying all numbers in a list.
  9. Counting number of even and odd numbers from a series of numbers.
  10. Constructing a class named rectangle with length and width and defining a method to return its area.
